----------------------"CODECHEF DATA SCIENCE PROGRAM"----------------

Chef want to design a filter that should be able to block all the websites which are in the list.
The number of websites in the list are very high and there is a limitation of the storage of the
list items and real time high processing speed. Chef want to check the new website whether it
is in the list or not in the list. The response is expected as “May be in the list” or “definitely not
in the list”. When the answer is “May be in the list” means that there may be a few false positive
errors compensating the storage size and large number of comparisons. But, when the answer
is “definite not in the list” means that there is no false negative.
There are N bits of the filter. The given list of websites having number of websites W for

blocking is in string with maximum length L for each. The name of the websites are case in-
sensitive. Each letter of the website will be first converted into its ASCII value and will

calculate two hash functions: (a) H1: Find the sum of all ASCII value of a website letters then
calculate mod N; (b) H2: First calculate mod 13 for each ASCII value for a website letter then
perform first hash function (a). Now make H1th and H2th serial number bit one in the filter.
Note that this process will be repeated for every website name which is in the list and if any bit
of the filter is made one that cannot be made zero for the next website.
This way chef want to develop a bloom filter. Test the filter by giving T websites as test cases.
Input:
First line of the input file contains number of bits, a single integer N for designing a filter
Second line of input file contains the number of websites integer W to be blocked
In next lines one by one blocked website (maximum L length) will be input in each separate line
In next line, number of test cases, integer T will be input
In next lines, one by one website for assessment will be input in each separate line
Output:
For each test case, output a single line containing the string either “May be” or “Definitely not”.
Constraints:
1 ≤ N ≤ 100
1 ≤ W ≤ 30
1 ≤ L ≤ 20
1 ≤ T ≤ 1000000
0 ≤ H1 ≤ N-1
0 ≤ H2 ≤ N-1

Example:
Input:
20
7
az.com
mani.com
suri.com
weblink.org
movie.net
serial.ind
queen.weebly.com
4
Mani.com
Pakistansongs.com
MoVIE.Net
WeeBly.Com
Output:
May be
Definitely not
May be
Definitely not
